feat: Add normalizing whitespace attribute to `pl-code` (#11418)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/elements.md

| `copy-code-button`      | boolean | false           | Whether to include a button to copy the code displayed by this element.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `show-line-numbers`     | boolean | false           | Whether to show line numbers in code displayed by this element.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | `normalize-whitespace`  | boolean | false           | Whether to strip leading/trailing whitespace and dedent the contents. Recommended in most situations.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: I think this should be recommended for cases where the code is inline in the question file. For cases with `source-file-name` it may not be needed.

Author: Discussion added here: https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/pull/11418/commits/696e27580d3c44517ec894b88f96eae936730cd7#diff-ef20c77a77d5b9b229d9f077842a5215a646f9b93fa89a36a3bc9144972188ce

> | `normalize-whitespace`  | boolean | false           | Whether to strip leading/trailing whitespace and dedent the contents. Recommended for cases where the code is inline in the question file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `normalize-whitespace`  | boolean | false           | Whether to strip trailing whitespace and remove extra indentation of the contents. Recommended for cases where the code is inline in the question file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
```
"dedent" is not a commonly known term. May need re-prettifying the line.
